Let s go to the vault  Katherine Lee.
That s the good stuff.
You ll be topping the best dressed list.
Snape kills Littlefinger.  // Game of Thrones
The world isn t a trash heap ALL the time.
Only FACTS here.
If you don t order an All-Star Special you re doing it wrong.
Only People With Perfect Color Vision Can Read These
Am I seeing double?!
More like The Lyin  King.
A van has driven into a crowd of people on Las Ramblas  the main tourist and commercial street in Barcelona  according to local police.
Because normal wedding photos are too mainstream.
The tweet has prompted a wave of support for 18-year-old Lydia Jones.
To be racist is un-American.
You thought that by now you d at least own a waterpark.
Lightsaber chopsticks  underarm shields  and 37 other favorite products from our recent posts.
These dresses are a pocket full of sunshine.
Somehow a nap seems sexier than sex.
They ll make spending all day in bed even better.
This is fucking sweet.
And I need you now tonight and I need you more than ever.
If you don t pass  you ll be sent to A-Zkaban.
He mackled less  for our sake.
BuzzFeed shared BuzzFeed Animals s video.
The audacity  - Rihanna and me anytime someone leaves a rude comment on her timeline and/or Instagram post.
These captions deserve all the likes they get.
You gotta love Pink.
Jim Carrey was the root of all my nightmares.
Yeah...those earbuds are reused. Yes  even if they come in a sealed bag.
BuzzFeed shared BuzzFeed News s live video.
HARRY  DID YAH PUT YAH NAME IN DA GOBLET OF FIYAH?!
If you don t have  the chair   are you really human?
The Saturday afternoon sex-nap combo.
Why did vibrators look like egg whisks? And why did people go swimming in smocks?
If you re not doing keg stands you re not doing retirement right.
Know your worth  know your independence.
I look like a white girl  but I don’t feel like one. I’m a black woman.  // Halsey
Upgrade your studying game without breaking the bank.
And they re not all cats! (But a lot of them are cats.)
WWTD: What would Twitter do?
I thought this stuff only happened in the movies.
What side of the pond do your tastebuds belong on?
The mayor  decided it was time and ordered it be done overnight.
First of all sir  the opposite of the  Alt-right  isn t the  Alt-left ... it s the not Nazis.
Talented AF.
Okay but why aren t we talking about the violent rebel alliance?
The episode was accidentally uploaded by a third party vendor to HBO Nordic and HBO España  before being removed. The episode has since leaked all over the internet.
Can I...move into the dorms again?
BuzzFeed readers told us about their favorite (cheap!) finds from Amazon.
Even if you can t bring yourself to toss stuff to spark joy or whatever.
